# CONSUMESCAPE!
Nowadays, impulsive buying behaviour is an increasing problem. You are not just presented with seemingly interesting offers in the cities and malls but also online – your next purchase being just a click away. Personalised advertising on commonly used search engines as well as practically all social media dramatically increases the incentive to buy, as the products actually fit our lifestyle. But do we always need all these things? Probably not. Consequently, many products are rarely used, thrown away or returned to the shop, where they might be thrown away too. With impulsive buying behaviour come two big problems. First, money which for most would be better invested elsewhere is spent needlessly. Second, a huge amount of resources is wasted every year and every day.

*Consumescape* tackles the negative impact of impulsive buying behaviour by doing its best to reduce it. Before you buy the next electronic device or the next piece of clothing use our free purchasing advice. Simply enter some information about the desired product, its price and its potential use and get advice on whether it is reasonable to buy it or not. Sometimes it is useful to just sleep on it for a night. That’s why we offer a reminder function which will provide you with the product data within the next 30 days. In the meantime you might have reconsidered the purchase and realized, that you do not need the product as much as you have thought at the first moment. If you ultimately decide against the purchase, the application will lead you to a personalized, motivational graphic to celebrate your  *Consumescape* with friends and family.
    
*Consumescape* helps the user prevent impulsive buying behaviour. Thereby, it benefits the sustainable development goal of responsible consumption and production. The first buying impulse is interrupted due to the brief reflection of the purchase when filling out the form. Some intentions to buy might already end here. When the user is presented the advise not to buy, *Consumescape* provides another way out of the impulse purchase. If the user is still indecisive, *Consumescape* offers an automated reminder function based on the 30 Day Saving Rule which in a lot of cases shows that the purchase was not so necessary or urgent after all. The goal is generally more conscious, responsible consumption, at best in the form of lower consumption.

To launch react / js app in Browser: Go to respective cd (in terminal) and enter npm start (might need to install npm first)
